Added networking section (#16999)
Azure/azure-content: articles/hdinsight/domain-joined/apache-domain-joined-configure-using-azure-adds.md

![Updating the VNET DNS Configuration](./media/apache-domain-joined-configure-using-azure-adds/hdinsight-aadds-vnet-configuration.png)

It's easier to place both the Azure AD-DS instance and the HDInsight cluster in the same Azure virtual network. If you plan to use different VNETs, you must peer those virtual networks so that the domain controller is visible to HDI VMs. For more information, see [Virtual network peering](../../virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview.md). 

After the VNETs are peered, configure the HDInsight VNET to use a custom DNS server and input the Azure AD-DS private IPs as the DNS server addresses. When both VNETs use the same DNS servers, your custom domain name will resolve to the right IP and will be reachable from HDInsight. For example if your domain name is “contoso.com” then after this step, pinging “contoso.com” should resolve to the right Azure AD-DS IP. 

![Configuring Custom DNS Servers for Peered VNET](./media/apache-domain-joined-configure-using-azure-adds/hdinsight-aadds-peered-vnet-configuration.png)

> **To test** if your networking is setup correctly, join a windows VM to the HDInsight VNET/Subnet and ping the domain name (it should resolve to an IP), then run **ldp.exe** to access Azure AD-DS domain. Then **join this windows VM to the domain to confirm** that all the required RPC calls succeed between the client and server. You can also use **nslooup** to confirm networking access to your storage account or any external DB you might use (eg. external Hive metastore or Ranger DB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To test** if your networking is setup correctly, join a windows VM to the HDInsight VNET/Subnet and ping the domain name (it should resolve to an IP), then run **ldp.exe** to access Azure AD-DS domain. Then **join this windows VM to the domain to confirm** that all the required RPC calls succeed between the client and server. You can also use **nslookup** to confirm networking access to your storage account or any external DB you might use (eg. external Hive metastore or Ranger DB).
```

You should make sure that all of the [required ports](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2008-R2-and-2008/dd772723(v=ws.10)#communication-to-domain-controllers) are whitelisted in the AAD-DS subnet NEtwork Security Group rules, if AAD-DS is secured by an NSG. 

## Create a HDInsight cluster with ESP

> After seting up the previous steps correctly, the next step is to create the HDInsight cluster with ESP enabled. When you create an HDInsight cluster, you can enable Enterprise Security Package in the **custom** tab. If you prefer to use ARM template for deployment please use the portal experience once and download the prefilled template on the last "Summary" page for future reuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the previous steps correctly, the next step is to create the HDInsight cluster with ESP enabled. When you create an HDInsight cluster, you can enable Enterprise Security Package in the **Custom** tab. If you prefer to use an ARM template for deployment please use the Azure portal the first time and download the pre-filled template on the last "Summary" page for future reuse.
```
